ended and let you see what it sounds
like
first we turn the key on and you'll hear
the electric water pump which is right
down in here then we hit the on switch
and now I've got a tricky deal of trying
to kick it over and see if you know I
can get it to work so we'll give it and
hold this camera steady so that I could
fret here and we'll just hold that on
the big attack which says three right
now and see if I can do this one-handed
great now the Jack Reed
16:20
and it's it's about 16 looking really
good I want to thank my friend Alaska
airhawk up in Alaska for turning me on
to this if you guys want to see it
really fast 72 CC peel tearing up the
Alaska Highway check out videos they're
really cool thanks thanks for the attack
my friend okay now I'm gonna crank it up
a little bit and check the revs on that
and see if we can zoom in on this over
that's really good now this tack is a
commercial model which is one step up
from the basic model it has it goes up
to 20,000 rpm it's it's counter is a
half a second off the soft ones going on
three seconds back and then this if I go
like up to 11,000 rpm it'll hold the
high tech number really a nice little
thing I got to find a way to again this
is where you change it right here the
pushing for four or five different
functions I wish I had a nitrous button
here too but maybe they'll come out with
one like that
big pond 0s fuel fire rocket fuel